Some notes on what to check for before releases:



always be looking for ui bug and obvious problems

load with a specific data-source
	use query param ?
ensure page displays username and sha
	ensure sha is in the console log
if there are widgets, use (clear) to delete them all
create a widget with no data
	click on the widget type (e.g. bp-line-plot)
	make sure widget was created
drag data-source to the widget
	widget will use a default stat
	make sure the widget loads a processor
	make sure widget shows the progress bar if waiting a while
	make sure widget shows data eventually
drag a new stat to the widget
	expand the 'bp' data-source and  drag a stat (without table[t] in the name) to the widget (e.g. 'correct')
	make sure widget shows the new data quickly
drag a new data-source to the widget
	ensure that you are prompted about changing data-sources and choose ok.
	ensure that data shows up the plot looks correct

drag a stat from the first data-source to the bp-line-plot widget type box to create a new widget
	(e.g. yout)
	ensure plot shows data
drag another stat from the first dta-source to the newly-created line plot 
	(e.g. bias_at_training)
	ensure plot shows data
click on the 'yout' on the new line plot
	ensure the 'yout' line was removed from the plot and only the bias_at_training line remains

drag stat 'table[t].d_unique' to the 'bp-heatmap' widget type to create one
	ensure widget appears and looks correct

attempt to toggle the per-table stat list for the shp heatmap (box that looks like [|<] )
	Table of numbers should disappear and then reappear when clicked again

check bp filtering click

checkmanual vs follow

test time slider dragging
	reduce the range to ~1/10 of the total range
		ensure widgets all updated
		(wait if they are in-progress)
	drag entire slider left right and ensure all widgets update
		veirfy no errors in the console
	drag slider all the way to the right and ensure all widgets update
	drag slider all the way to the left and ensure all widgets update

test time-slider animation
	with slider starting at the left, click 'run'
		ensure slider moves (slowly, probably)
		ensure widgets are updating periodically
		ensure no errors in console

switch units if available, and repeat these time-slider dragging and animation
switch back to default units (i.e. training-index for bp)










check the browser console and ensure no errors and only familiar warnings are printed
	e.g. Javascript "Forced reflow while executing", etc.


verify save/load
	save layout manually, reload, load it back manually
	verify same widgets, order, collapsed state, etc.
		(Could do a screenshot before and after to verify)
	verify that widgets load data quickly since they should be in the cache
verify autosave works 
	make change, wait 30s, reload



other notes:
	pay attention to anything that takes a suprisingly long time.
